readme.md, before:

# snappy - Create and prune ZFS snapshots

```
usage: snappy [-h] [-r] [-p PREFIX] [-S] [-k KEEP_SPECIFICATION] [--auto]
              [--config CONFIG_PATH]
              [DATASETS ...]

Create and/or prune snapshots on ZFS filesystems.

positional arguments:
  DATASETS              Datasets on which to create (and prune) snapshots.

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -r, --recursive       Create and prune snapshots recursively on the
                        specified datasets.
  -p PREFIX, --prefix PREFIX
                        Prefix of snapshot names of created and pruned
                        snapshots. Defaults to `snappy'.
  -S, --no-snapshot     Disables creating snapshots. Instead, only prune
                        snapshots.

pruning:
  -k KEEP_SPECIFICATION, --keep KEEP_SPECIFICATION
                        Enables pruning old snapshots. This option can be
                        given multiple times to keep additional snapshots in
                        different time intervals.

running from config file:
  --auto                Run the snapshot and prune actions specified in the
                        configuration file instead of on the command line.
  --config CONFIG_PATH  Path to the configuration file to use. Requires
                        --auto. Defaults to `/etc/snappy/snappy.toml'.

KEEP SPECIFICATION

Either a number or a TIME INTERVAL. When a number is given, it specifies to
keep that many most recent snapshots.

If a time interval is given, it specifies to keep one snapshot per that
interval. The interval can be followed by a `:' and a number, which specifies
to keep only that many most recent snapshots taken in that interval.

TIME INTERVAL

A number followed by one of the time units `s', `m', `h', `d', or `w',
specifying an interval of that many seconds, minutes, hours, days, or weeks
respectively.
```


## Development Setup

```
make venv
```

Commit message:

Make --keep take a list of keep specifications

readme.md, after:

# snappy - Create and prune ZFS snapshots

```
usage: snappy [-h] [-r] [-p PREFIX] [-S] [-k KEEP_SPECIFICATION] [--auto]
              [--config CONFIG_PATH]
              [DATASETS ...]

Create and/or prune snapshots on ZFS filesystems.

positional arguments:
  DATASETS              Datasets on which to create (and prune) snapshots.

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -r, --recursive       Create and prune snapshots recursively on the
                        specified datasets.
  -p PREFIX, --prefix PREFIX
                        Prefix of snapshot names of created and pruned
                        snapshots. Defaults to `snappy'.
  -S, --no-snapshot     Disables creating snapshots. Instead, only prune
                        snapshots.

pruning:
  -k KEEP_SPECIFICATION, --keep KEEP_SPECIFICATION
                        Comma-separated list of keep specifications that
                        specify how many snapshots to keep in what intervals.

running from config file:
  --auto                Run the snapshot and prune actions specified in the
                        configuration file instead of on the command line.
  --config CONFIG_PATH  Path to the configuration file to use. Requires
                        --auto. Defaults to `/etc/snappy/snappy.toml'.

KEEP SPECIFICATION

Either a number or a TIME INTERVAL. When a number is given, it specifies to
keep that many most recent snapshots.

If a time interval is given, it specifies to keep one snapshot per that
interval. The interval can be followed by a `:' and a number, which specifies
to keep only that many most recent snapshots taken in that interval.

TIME INTERVAL

A number followed by one of the time units `s', `m', `h', `d', or `w',
specifying an interval of that many seconds, minutes, hours, days, or weeks
respectively.
```


## Development Setup

```
make venv
```
